Add EPP monitoring + GIE v1.0.1 upgrade (#272)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/monitoring/README.md

### Helmfile Integration

> All [llm-d guides](../../guides/README.md) include the option to enable Prometheus PodMonitor creation for scraping vLLM metrics and ServiceMonitor creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All [llm-d guides](../../guides/README.md) have monitoring enabled by default, supporting multiple monitoring stacks depending on the environment. We provide out of box monitoring configurations for scraping the [Endpoint Picker (EPP)](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/tree/main/docs/proposals/004-endpoint-picker-protocol) metrics, and vLLM metrics.

See the vLLM Metrics and EPP Metrics sections below for how to further config or disable monitoring.
```

### Helmfile Integration

All [llm-d guides](../../guides/README.md) have monitoring enabled by default, supporting multiple monitoring stacks depending on the environment. We provide out of box monitoring configurations for scraping the [Endpoint Picker (EPP)](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api-inference-extension/tree/main/docs/proposals/004-endpoint-picker-protocol) metrics, and vLLM metrics.

See the vLLM Metrics and EPP Metrics sections below for how to further config or disable monitoring.

> If running on GKE, monitoring is also enabled by default

Reviewer: Let's just remove this. We already state that prometheus stack needs to be installed in the prerequisites for each guide. Also the EPP and vLLM section below shows details on the config parameters to enable/disable so no need to mention here.

Also the `provider.name=gke` is inaccurate for enabling monitoring, it needs `inferenceExtension.monitoring.gke.enable=true`

### Helmfile Integration

Provided Prometheus custom resources exist in the cluster, all [llm-d guides](../../guides/README.md) include the option to enable Prometheus

> PodMonitor creation for scraping vLLM metrics and ServiceMonitor creation for scraping EPP (Endpoint Picker Protocol) metrics.

Reviewer 2: fixed in https://github.com/sallyom/llm-d/commit/42c0a66ec955433d28a96aa40884f6536c1c2f7e needs a cherry-pick or cp/paste to this branch, as I cannot directly push here.

The vLLM metrics from prefill and decode pods will be visible from the Prometheus and/or Grafana user interface.

### EPP (Endpoint Picker) Metrics

EPP provides additional metrics for request routing, scheduling latency, and plugin performance. EPP metrics collection is enabled by default with:

```yaml
# In your gaie-*/values.yaml files
inferenceExtension:
  monitoring:
    prometheus:
      enabled: true
OR

> provider
>   name: gke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inferenceExtension:
  monitoring:
    gke:
      enabled: true
```
